chore: update readme with instructions to use apps repo branches [EXT… (#2398)
contentful/create-contentful-app: README.md

The default and stable releases are always published under the `latest` tag (as per npm convention).
The release under the `canary` tag is to be considered unstable and potentially breaking.
You should not rely on it in production.

#### Local testing of an examples in the apps repo
When creating or editing an example in the apps repo on a branch other than main, follow these steps to use that branch as a source for the CCA CLI:

- Fetching Examples from the apps Branch
- Cloning Examples from the apps Branch using tiged
- Building the create-contentful-app package
- Linking the create-contentful-app package
- Running the create-contentful-app interactively

##### Fetching Examples from the apps Branch

> In the packages/contentful--create-contentful-app/srcgetGithubFolderNames.ts file change:

Reviewer: Just missing a `/` after `src`
```suggestion
In the packages/contentful--create-contentful-app/src/getGithubFolderNames.ts file change:
```
